Story:
	Scene 15:
		You pull the trigger of your plasma rifle, doing your utter best in stopping it from recoiling in your face. The Bazat, with a
		big hole in it's chest fell to the ground. You feel a stabbing pain in your leg. You're feeling woozy. As the world fades to 
		black, you see an axe plummeting towards your face.

		-Game Over-
		-Restart-

	Scene 16:
		"Tell me what your elders are planning," you say fiercly. "Or you WILL lose your head." All mockery had left the creature's face.
		He appeared..... afraid. Terrified, in fact. He was shivering, almost in tears with fear. "O-o-ok!" the creature says, it's voice 
		trembling. "We discovered where dead aliens and creatures go in their next life. We want to go there, but we don't have enough
		resources, and it costs a lot to get them. So we've st-st-stolen goblainium and trisanium, and m-m-m-more, to be able to afford 
		such materials."

		-Question More-
		-Let him go-

	Scene 17:
		'Where is this place?' you demand, keeping a fierce tone. "Past Jupiter in the human beans' side, straight for 200 lightyears.
		The human beans' side? What else are the Bazats planning? "You want to colonise the humans, don't you?" No reply. "You creatures
		are disgusting." you shoot the Bazat, jump in your ship, and head towards the G.U.L. (Galactic Universal Library) You find only
		one book about life after death. You decide to keep it. After some time at the G.U.L you fly to a gravity sation for the last 
		time ever. "My family," you think. "They'll be there." All the Minirs will be there! You were really excited. After filling up,
		you head towards the human beans' side of the universe.
	
		-Next-

	Scene 18: 
		"Go. And never come into my sight again." you say. The Bazat lunges forwards, in a desperate attempt to be on the other side 
		of the gun. You shot him beore he could get halfway. "I gave him a chance." you say. Next stop, the G.U.L.
		(Galactic Universal Library) You find one book about life after death. Accoording to the book, this.... PLACE, was behind Jupiter,
		and about 200 lightyears straight. "My family," you think. "They'll be there. All the Minirs will be there!" you fill up on 
		gravity and power, and begin your journey.

		-Next-

	Scence

	Scence 19:
		You've been travelling for what seems like years, when at last, you reach the human beans' side of the universe. Time to go 
		hyperspeed.... You turn on your hyperspeed engine, disengaging the manual one. It'll only nee to be a few seconds. The ship 
		lurches forward, and after 5 seconds, you engage your manual engine again. But wait, somethings wrong. There's something 
		like a cliff ring at the edge of this side. "The Edge of Space!" you exclaim. You're panicking. "No, no, no, no! Stop! STOP!"

		-NEXT-

	Scene 20:
		As you near the edge, think of all the things you wanted to say, do, ask, and even see, when you finally say your family again.
		Now, it doesn't matter. Space is running out. Ten seconds to the end of space. "NO!!!!!!" your scream is but a meer echo inspace,
		as you plumetted. As you ran out of space.